entry_begin
uniqueid 2020_congressional
version jan_1
datetime 2019 2 10 5 8 0
pollstatus coming
statusdisplayed Coming in 2020
title U.S. Congressional PRIMARY polls
subtitle 435 polls, one for each Congressional district
articlegen generate-article-congressional-overview

questioncount 3
questioncounttext 3 questions (representative, senator, governor)

reminder: sample full poll IDs: 2020_us_or_district_3 and 2019_ca_mt_riding_73 .  Assign date at server.

reminder: sample name: OR District 3, Representative seat in Congress

reminder: For U.S. election polls, use 3 questions: congressional representative (per district), congressional senator (per state), governor (per state).  Cannot handle state representative in same poll because boundaries are different (and not subsets).

headline Congressional PRIMARY election polls coming in 2020
article Update: Here you can communicate with your neighbors to help determine who deserves to win your district's seat in Congress. sentence-next Then you, and your neighbors, can use this information to decide whether you can mark your official ballot for your first choice, or whether you need to vote for your second-favorite candidate in order to defeat the candidate you most dislike. paragraph-next Concentrating support on a single money-backed candidate is what the biggest campaign contributors do, based on deals made in back-room meetings. sentence-next Now voters in your Congressional district can concentrate support on a single reform-minded candidate, based on finding out which reform-minded candidate is actually most popular in your district. paragraph-next Everyone in the United States is invited to vote in this poll, regardless of political bias. sentence-next Keep in mind that the conflict between "political left" and "political right" is a distraction from the bigger conflict between "political up" and "political down." sentence-next Political up is where most voters are, and political down is where the biggest campaign contributions come from. sentence-next The goal of both the "political up" and the "political down" is increased economic prosperity. sentence-next The people in the political up category want widespead economic prosperity, and want laws that force businesses to behave in ways that are ethical. sentence-next In contrast, the people in the political down category want increased economic prosperity for the businesses they own, without concern for the economic prosperity of other businesses, without concern for the economic prosperity of their employees and customers, and without concern for the overall U.S. economy.

future quote from DEMRA: If you feel that &#8220;your&#8221; political party wants your vote and your money, but doesn&#8217;t care about your priorities, you can move towards having a real voice by focusing your support, including donations and volunteer time, on candidates who support election-method reform.

title-question-1 Congressional district xyz
subtitle-question-1 Who is your favorite, second-favorite, etc. candidate for congress?
choicetype-question-1 candidate
choicetypeplural-question-1 candidates
choicecount-question-1 2
choicename-question-1-choice-1 Tweedledee
choicename-question-1-choice-2 Tweedledum

title-question-2 Congressional district xyz
subtitle-question-2 Who is your favorite, second-favorite, etc. candidate for congress?
choicetype-question-2 candidate
choicetypeplural-question-2 candidates
choicecount-question-2 2
choicename-question-2-choice-1 Tweedledee
choicename-question-2-choice-2 Tweedledum

title-question-3 Congressional district xyz
subtitle-question-3 Who is your favorite, second-favorite, etc. candidate for congress?
choicetype-question-3 candidate
choicetypeplural-question-3 candidates
choicecount-question-3 2
choicename-question-3-choice-1 Tweedledee
choicename-question-3-choice-2 Tweedledum

entry_end
